Camunda 8 Run authentication warning (#4437)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/guides/getting-started-java-spring.md

</repositories>
```

2. Add the following dependency to your `pom.xml` file, as a child of the `<dependencies>` element:

> :::warning

Reviewer: This warning is still here and should likely be softened with updates to point at the patch. Let's soften the warning so we can get this merged and follow up when the patch is out.

Author: Do you just mean warning > caution, or also change the language?

e.g. change to:

:::caution
Due to a bug in 8.6, use the Spring Zeebe SDK version `8.5.0`.
:::

Or to:

:::caution
Due to an issue in 8.6, use the Spring Zeebe SDK version `8.5.0`. This issue will be resolved in a future patch release.
:::

Reviewer: Added a commit - your first option is what I went with.

> :::warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
```

</repositories>
```

2. Add the following dependency to your `pom.xml` file, as a child of the `<dependencies>` element:

> :::caution

Reviewer 2: IMO, this caution/warning should be removed in favor of https://github.com/camunda/camunda-8-get-started-spring/pull/9/files - In a nutshell, the `application.properties` must be adjusted to make it work.

> Due to a bug in 8.6, use the Spring Zeebe SDK version `8.5.0`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Spring Zeebe SDK is currently pinned to version `8.5.0`.
```

^ If we'd like to remove the bug language, we can just note that it's currently set at 8.5 (and therefore required).
